Detailed Report
"the dict has handed over to another person, he ia to send the person's number to me so we can further discussions"
they have made payment on countless occasions but same keep reversing. i also requested for another account details yet the payment reversed as well.
"he has created a class, added candidates and currently assigning packs and modules"
"the ""no credit packs assigned' issue has been resolved, and he has created a class, added candidates and currently assigning packs and modules"
"i have forwarded a detailed information of the dict for proper capturing, as soon as same is done, i shall forward it to them and guide them as appropriate."
"they have logged in, created a class and added candidates. i am taking them through the process of assigning the packs and modules."
"he has created classes, added candidates and is currently assigning packs and modules."
"the bursar requested relevant documents regarding our payment and all were provided, now he has gone mute."
mr. wale opted to follow up with this school himself.
"they have logged in, i am taking them through the process of creating a class and addiing candidates, assigning the packs and modules."
"i informed him of the qualification for the 20205 intervention, which is based on their performance in the previous intervention, and guided him through the process of downloading the invoice. he promised to download it and take it to the burser for approval."
they have paid but yet to submit their information for accreditation.
"because the dict has been very busy, i suggested he nominate a candidate to handle icdl, which he later complied with, we just captured the candidate on the system and i am walking him through the skillsbox platform."
"its taking more than usual for the rector to approve payment, his number does not go through, the dict sent his email to us, we sent a customized mail to him regarding our payment but so far there's no response."
"they have logged in, i am taking them through the process of class and candidate creation, assigning the modules and packs."
the dict has assigned the packs to some of his colleagues and they are currently learning. a few of the said colleagues have taken the test already.
they have applied for the first tranche and are waiting for disbursement from tetfund.
"the dict have allocated the packs to the trainers and the tester, most recently, he has gotten the rector's approval to allocate the packs to other members of staff as a result of which he has sent out memos to all dean of falcuties to frontload their prefered candidates for the training."
i have forwarded the dict's login details to them but he has been not been responding.
"the dict said that some modules have been assigned but they are yet to start utilizing it, and he is still in the process of assigning the rest so that they can start together."
they are about to assign the rest of the modules
they have assigned part of the packs.
they are having issues with the skillsbox. also the dict promised to assign the rest of the modules next week
they are awaiting approval from the registrar to assign the rest of the module.
started training
trying to login to the skills box.
not responding to calls and messages
"i have forwarded their login details to them, guiding them on logging in. they also said they will need the rector's advice on who should be trained."
the second batch has been tested.
waiting for them to get accredited.
dict has assigned the packs and learning is ongoing.
"looks like they deliberately do not want to pay, i was told the rector has approved the payment, yet the bursar is holding the said payment for no just reason."
they have applied for the intervention's funds and are currently awaiting disbursement.
packs and modules have been assigned and candidates are learning
"guiding him through the process of login, 2fa and eventually creating classes, candidates and assignment of modules and packs"
"dict has logged in successfully, i am now walking him through the process of creating classes, candidate creation, module and pack assignments."
waiting for the institution to get accredited
"dict has logged in but is yet to create classes, candidates and assign modules and packs, she complained that she has been busy with other school engagements so i should give her time."
"before the tenure of the former dict ellapsed, he informed me that he had assigned the packs to some of his colleagues and learning was ongoing, a few of them had already tested. the new dict is currently having difficulties logging into her account because same has been locked."
dict has assigned the packs to a few candidates and learning is ongoing
walking him through the process of logging onto skillsbox platform.
"dict seemed to be very busy hence not responsive, i suggested she appoint someone to assist her in this role and she did, the person also is not responsive. i have reverted to her."
not responding to calls and messages.
"the institution is done with their training and even carried out examination, but 16 candidates out of all stopped responding after packs were assigned to them, the said number are still left behind"
can't contact anyone from the universit
i contacted the dict many times but he keeps saying that he was busy that he could not have time to use the packs
i met the bursar and he said he has forwarded the lrequest to the provost for approval
they want to change there email to the dict's email
the tetfund desk officer said most of the staffs don't want to participate
i cant reach the dict but our last contact he said that they have applied for aip but still haven't gotten one
they have filled the accreditation form and are awaiting skillsbox login credentials
they are ready to take the test but they need help on how to schedule the test
they have the packs but the dict said that he would assign the task to somebody
the dict stopped responding to his calls
assigned module on the verge of completing the modules
" started training, had issues previously, which have been resolved."
still hell bent on not making payment on it for payment to be made
allocating packs
started training
started training.
still  insisting on pay advice before payment can be made.
allocating packs.
awaiting payment from the school.
"logged in on the skillsbox, allocated packs and started training ,"
signed personnel role forn on the verge on signing toa.
on skillsbox.
"assigning modules to the participants, the participants are on the verge of commencing training."
expecting funds from there.
yet to make payment
currently allocating packs to their trainers.
assigned modules commenced training on the verge of testing.
"on the verge of making payment, everything has been put in place."
"logged in on the skillsbox, waiting for packs to start training."
"made payment, signed to the skillsbox, started training."
processing payment.
still on their neck to make a payment.
started training.
awaiting the first tranche payment.
"on the verge of making payment, everything has been put in place."
"logged into skills box, started training."
started training
"paid only for ttt, following up so payment can be made."
dict working on starting training soon.  started self training
they are working on payment tis week
dict no longer response to both calls and messages
commence training
personnel role form sent to dict for necessary action
"all has been done, training will commence as soon as they receive their credentials"
training in progress
training in progress
training in progress
 login credentials sent yesterday 14 july
training in progress
following up on training progress
training to continue after upgrade process
personnel role form sent to dict
no aip yet
login credentails sent on monday 14 july
login credentails sent on monday 14 july
bursar and dict are always saying different thing
toa in progress
training in progress
training in progress and about to start certification exam
adding new trainers and commencing training soon
processing payment by july 2025
not willing to make payment
no login details yet
awaiting credentials
they are working on paying soon
training in progress
"all packs are been assigned to newly recruited staff, currently awaiting rector approval to start training by first week of november."
training in progress
training in progress
started training
continues follow up with technical team on their packs
the bursar is not willig to make payment
about to start training
dict is working on filling personnel role form
 pack to member of staff
paid
awaiting vc's appoval
waiting to sign toa
aip approved waiting for disbursement
started training
paid
waiting for aip approval
expecting their details
waiting for their accreditation details
started training
they are still on 2019 / 2020 aip.
i have send the dict the formats and procedure to apply for aip for 2021/22
terms of agreement has been sent to them
paid
escalate to tetfund
yet to assign to member of staff
escalate to tetfund
paid
part of packs assigned
part of packs assigned
part of packs assigned
awaiting packs
need anothet contact
part of packs assigned
vc's approval
started training
filled accreditation form
waiting for their training date and nominated candidates
started training
they are in the process of making payment
they have internet poor network due to the area/village .
they have make payment to icdl'
our payment request file is presently in bursary department waiting for final approval
